---
title: "Part(2): Location Intelligence- Is it a Revolution, Evolution or Disruption?"
date: 2020-01-15
header:
  image: "/images/header_img.jpg"
tags: [Location Intelligence, GIS]
excerpt: "Location Intelligence in Business"
---
# **Location! Location! Wherefore Art Thou?**

- **Challenges in adopting Location Intelligence**

For today’s enterprises, location intelligence (LI) is a leap beyond traditional GIS that advances business intelligence. It enables business heads to make informed decisions, quantify risks based on potential events and occurrences, target ideal demographics and optimize routing of service delivery. 

However, the market continues to face knowledge gaps and lacks the basic understanding of the value of location data. The [State of Location Intelligence Report 2018](https://carto.com/state-of-location-intelligence-2018/) has reported that the current market is unequipped to realize the full potential and practical applications of LI. 

One of the perpetual challenges stunting the growth is the technology consumption gap between the management and data practitioners. Businesses generally lack trained resources who can make sense of the location information and its implications on business operations. Furthermore, reluctance to upgrade the tools of trade further lead to roadblocks in the adoption of the technology.   

Yet, it is interesting to note that there are few businesses that are taking interest in LI and finding creative ways to build innovative solutions...
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/mZZ11alimPA" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Therefore, it is useful for businesses to consider the unique perspective provided by location data and perhaps acknowledge it's significance in establishing relations between entities that otherwise eludes us; a case in point- **"The Traffic गाय"!**
